this video I'm going to show you how to
repair a broken iPod women cable when
you are pod you have several ribbon
cables this is an iPod that's already
open this is your hard drive this is a
ribbon cable right here that connects
your hard drives the illogic board hard
drive goes here
women cable goes to the logic board
there's another ribbon cable over here
which connects your logic board to the
click wheel and here's another one which
is also very important and this is
probably the one that's one of the most
difficult to replace because you cannot
get this ribbon cable out let's say you
just rip the cable broke this ribbon
cable connects to the other part of the
iPod to help these two parts interface
now here you have your earphone jack and
hold button assembly
so this interfaces this with this part
of the iPod for it to work together now
let's say this broke so what do you do
you have to actually take this out you
have to take out your earphone jack
assembly and hold button assembly so one
assembly so to do that you just have to
remove these two screws right here now
to do that you need a star bit driver
now this is a tea
just show you here to t7 bit got to some
craftsman put it in the driver and that
will take these out this is generally
good this video should be helpful to you
if you have the iPod fourth generation
5th to 6th is similar to the one I have
here so it can help you
the components are similar it's the same
concept okay that's one that's out and
you just got to take one more out like
that
and that's it it just comes out
here's your earphone jack you hold
button this is the ribbon cable right
here now watch closely what I'm doing
there's a little clip now this will work
for all the ribbon cables in the iPod
they have the same concept as a clip
here as soon as you lift up this clip
the tip of my fingernail this will come
loose and then you can take this out and
replace this this whole piece now watch
what I do just tip your fingernail just
lift it up that now watch this slide out
see just comes out this is a clip that
holds the ribbon cable into place all
you got to do is when you replace it you
just slide that back in like that
remember it's got to be facedown see
this way and then you just lower the
clip like that and now it's nice and
tight and all you have to do is just put
it right back in close it up reverse the
steps that I showed you hope you found
this video useful to you please rate
feel free to leave comments and support
this channel by subscribing and thank
you for tuning